README.md, before:

# Talks I Want To Give

## Contents

- [Future talk ideas](future-talks.md)
- [Past talks](past-talks.md)

## What is this?

A list of talk ideas for your future self. Never come up blank at a conference call for proposals again! 

It's a list of possible talk ideas that maybe you'd like to give. It's half thinking out loud, and half soliciting [30% feedback](http://blog.42floors.com/thirty-percent-feedback/) and suggestions. 

Publishing your talk ideas has a bunch of awesome benefits! 

- Sometimes you have brilliant ideas. Sometimes there are open CFP's. How often do they overlap? Never! Write 'em down now!
- If someone wants you as a speaker, they can ask you to speak about a topic you actually like! 
- Sometimes it's hard to see what parts of your own work would make really good talks. Ask your friends and coworkers to write Issues and Pull Requests for awesome talk ideas!

## What do I do with it?

1. Fork this repo! `git clone git@github.com:sursh/talks-i-want-to-give.git` 
2. Write down your talks & ideas in [future-talks.md](future-talks.md) and [past-talks.md](past-talks.md)
2. Add yourself to the list of talkers below! (by sending me a pull request!)

## Talkers

_Please add yourself by submitting a pull request!_

- [Sasha Laundy's talk ideas](https://github.com/sursh/sasha-talks-i-want-to-give/blob/master/future-talks.md)
- [david karapetyan's talk ideas](https://github.com/davidk01/talks-i-want-to-give/blob/master/future-talks.md)

Commit message:

first update: added speaker bio; added 'DevOps is an Attitude'; given talks: Vagrant

README.md, after:

# Talks I Want To Give

## Contents

- [Future talk ideas](future-talks.md)
- [Past talks](past-talks.md)
- [Generic Speaker Bio](lhagemann-bio.md)

## What is this?

A list of talk ideas. Thanks to [Sasha](https://twitter.com/SashaLaundy) for the great idea. This will replace the random notes I keep in Evernote.

Never come up blank at a conference call for proposals again! Now those ideas are public, and can be fleshed out with help from others.

As [Sasha](https://twitter.com/SashaLaundy) says
	It's a list of possible talk ideas that maybe you'd like to give. It's half thinking out loud, and half soliciting [30% feedback](http://blog.42floors.com/thirty-percent-feedback/) and suggestions. 

Publishing your talk ideas has a bunch of awesome benefits! 

- Sometimes you have brilliant ideas. Sometimes there are open CFP's. How often do they overlap? Never! Write 'em down now!
- If someone wants you as a speaker, they can ask you to speak about a topic you actually like! 
- Sometimes it's hard to see what parts of your own work would make really good talks. Ask your friends and coworkers to write Issues and Pull Requests for awesome talk ideas!

## What do I do with it?

1. Fork her repo! `git clone git@github.com:sursh/talks-i-want-to-give.git` 
2. Write down your talks & ideas in [future-talks.md](future-talks.md) and [past-talks.md](past-talks.md)
2. Add yourself to the list of talkers below! (by sending a pull request!)

## Talkers

_Please add yourself by submitting a pull request!_

- [Sasha Laundy's talk ideas](https://github.com/sursh/sasha-talks-i-want-to-give/blob/master/future-talks.md)
- [david karapetyan's talk ideas](https://github.com/davidk01/talks-i-want-to-give/blob/master/future-talks.md)
